Pqs doc updates sept14 (#466)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.7.1/docs/query/pqs-user-guide.rst

Scribe will obtain tokens from the Authorization Server on startup, and it will reauthenticate before the token expires. If Scribe fails authorization, it will terminate with an error for the service orchestration infrastructure to respond appropriately.

> The autentication of PQS needs to match the participant nodes setup.  For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The authentication of PQS needs to match the participant nodes (PN) setup.  For
```

The ``-pipeline-party`` argument is a filter that restricts the data to that visible to the supplied list of party identifiers. At the moment, this is a mandatory field. ``--pipeline-party`` will allow you to filter that down to a subset of the accessible parties. Restarting with a changed set of parties may be possible, but is not encouraged.

PQS is able to start and finish at prescribed ledger offsets, specified by the
arguments ``--pipeline-ledger-start`` and ``--pipeline-ledger-stop``. The
``./scribe.jar pipeline --help-verbose`` command provides extensive help
information.

The ``--pipeline-filter string`` option needs a filter expression to determine
which templates and interfaces to include.  A filter expression is a simple wildcard
inclusion statement with basic boolean logic, where whitespace is ignored.  Below are some examples:

> - ``*``: everything which is the default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``*``: everything, which is the default
```
